cultures other people of energy
and a lot of music
all the time to go out
the experiences of my whole life
and being hungry
for me it's something incredible and I would be
let's say a success like the military
basically death in the port
as Paraguay which is the first destination
of the city to disarm suitcases are
preparing a new city new theater
new people will see that know
and we have reached the sea
but quickly
a lot of super cute cities like
if we had an inpatient trip
all right
the customs of the people
the old city of guatemala
different
two
I am because no world I hold to
cultivate
to know different scenarios
and now I have the opportunity to see a
little how things go in the mind of
they of them of them
and the truth is incredible
travel with my friends that better than that
what
good